[DOCS] Response console UI for endpoint actions (#2289)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/response-actions.asciidoc

[NOTE]
=====
Response actions and the response console UI are https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription] features. 
=====

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/response-console.png[Response console UI]

Launch the response console from various contexts throughout {elastic-sec}:

* *Endpoints* page -> *Actions* menu (*...*) -> *Respond*
* Endpoint details flyout -> *Take action* -> *Respond*
* Alert details flyout -> *Take action* -> *Respond*

To perform an action on the endpoint, enter a <<response-action-commands,response action command>> in the input area at the bottom of the console, then press *Return*. Output from the action is displayed in the console.

NOTE: Some response actions may take a few seconds to complete. Once you enter a command, you can immediately enter another command while the previous action is running. 

Activity in the response console is persistent, so you can navigate away from the page and any pending actions you've submitted will continue to run. To confirm that an action completed, return to the response console to view the console output or check the <<actions-log,actions log>>.

> 

Author: Probably, but the preview isn't breaking into a new topic/page on this heading so it didn't occur to me. I'll go thru and add that tag to all the headings just to make sure.

[[response-action-commands]]
== Response action commands

The following response action commands are available in the response console.

=== `isolate`
<<host-isolation-ov,Isolate the host>>, blocking communication with other hosts on the network.

Example: `isolate --comment "Isolate host related to detection alerts"`

=== `release`
Release an isolated host, allowing it to communicate with the network again.

Example: `release --comment "Release host, everything looks OK"`

=== `status`
Show information on the host's status, including: {agent} status and version, policy status for the {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration, and when the host was last active.
 
=== `processes`
Show a list of all processes running on the host. This action may take a minute or so to complete.

> TIP: Use this command to get current PID or entity ID values, which are required for other response actions such as `kill-process` and `suspend-process`.

Reviewer: we could add another tip here to explain that Entity ID's are unique on the host while PID's can be reused by the OS.  Because of this, Entity ID may be a more reliable choice when killing a process.

Author: Revised!

=== `kill-process`

Terminate a process. You must include one of the following parameters to identify the process to terminate:

* `--pid` : A process ID (PID) representing the process to terminate.
* `--entityId` : An entity ID representing the process to terminate.

Example: `kill-process --pid 123 --comment "Terminate suspicious process"`

=== `suspend-process`

> Temporarily suspend a process. You must include one of the following parameters to identify the process to suspend:

Reviewer: We could just say "Suspend a process." here.

Author: ```suggestion
Suspend a process. You must include one of the following parameters to identify the process to suspend:
```

NOTE: Some response actions may take a few seconds to complete. Once you enter a command, you can immediately enter another command while the previous action is running. 

Activity in the response console is persistent, so you can navigate away from the page and any pending actions you've submitted will continue to run. To confirm that an action completed, return to the response console to view the console output or check the <<actions-log,actions log>>.

IMPORTANT: Once you submit a response action, it cannot be cancelled, even if it's pending for an offline host.

[[response-action-commands]]
== Response action commands

The following response action commands are available in the response console.

=== `isolate`
<<host-isolation-ov,Isolate the host>>, blocking communication with other hosts on the network.

Example: `isolate --comment "Isolate host related to detection alerts"`

=== `release`
Release an isolated host, allowing it to communicate with the network again.

Example: `release --comment "Release host, everything looks OK"`

=== `status`

> Show information on the host's status, including: {agent} status and version, policy status for the {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration, and when the host was last active.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Show information about the host's status, including: {agent} status and version, the {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration's policy status, and when the host was last active.
```

=== `help`

List supported commands in the console output area.

TIP: You can also get a list of commands in the <<help-panel,Help panel>>, which stays on the screen independently of the output area.

[[help-panel]]
== Help panel

Click image:images/help-icon.png[Help icon,17,18] *Help* in the upper-right to open the *Help* panel, which lists available response action commands and parameters as a reference.

You can use this panel to build commands with less typing. Click the add icon (image:images/add-command-icon.png[Add icon,17,17]) to add a command to the input area, enter any additional parameters or a comment, then press *Return* to run the command.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/response-console-help-panel.png[Help panel,60%]

[[actions-log]]
== Actions log

Click *Actions log* to display a history of response actions performed on the host, such as isolating the host or terminating a process. The actions log includes when each command was performed, the user who performed the action, any comments added to the action, and the action's current status. 

* Click the expand arrow on the right to display more details about an action.

> * Use the date and time picker to display actions within a specific time period.

Reviewer 2: Slight nit -- but I think `time range` is more commonly used in Elastic docs. 
```suggestion
* Use the date and time picker to display actions within a specific time range.
```
